about.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

With 12+ years of hands on experience in academic, research and clinical settings working with genomic and clinical data, I bring broad spectrum of skills ranging from,

1) Data Engineering - full stack web development (Angular/Python Flask/Nginx); wide variety of database technologies from traditional SQL (SQLServer, MySQL, Postgres) to graph (Neo4j) to horizontally scalable (Cassandra) databases; building microservice architecture based scalable pipelines (Docker + Beam); event-driven realtime data processing (Kafka).

2) Data Science - machine learning (decision trees, random forest, XGBoost using Python Scikit Learn); deep learning (Python Keras and Tensorflow).

3) Dev/Ops - Kubernetes, Apache Spark + HDFS cluster deployment and management.

Creative and goal oriented, I take immense pride in end-to-end automation of operational tasks and a big believer of the quote "you don't know it until you teach it to a computer".

Looking forward to the opportunities to prove and enhance my leadership and technical expertise.

Commit message:

added lifez to work exp

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I’m a full-stack and data engineering leader with a hands-on approach to building systems that work in the real world — from scalable web applications to AI-driven solutions and automation pipelines. I’m passionate about solving complex technical problems, connecting technology with tangible outcomes, and continually learning along the way.

But technology alone isn’t enough. I believe the true measure of leadership is not titles or control, but the ability to empower doers, cultivate accountability, and foster a culture where innovation and integrity thrive. Having navigated challenging environments, I’ve seen how leadership can be a force multiplier of talent, and I strive to create workplaces where people can grow, contribute, and be celebrated for their work.

I combine technical mastery with ethical leadership, advocating for environments that value both innovation and human dignity — where results come from empowered teams.
